[ SIRENS WAILING IN DISTANCE ]
[ INDISTINCT TALKING ]
[ TALKING CONTINUES, MUFFLED ]
[ SPLASH ]
Man: SHE'S UP! SHE'S UP!
GOT HER OVER HERE!
GO, GO, GO, GO!
BRING HER IN.
[ SIREN WAILING ]
WHY'S THE FIRE DEPARTMENT
HERE?
DIVERS. DEAD WIFE
AT THE BOTTOM OF THE POOL.
YEAH, YEAH.
I'M HOLDING.
THE BETTER QUESTION IS,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I THOUGHT YOU WERE GOING
TO ROBINSON'S RETIREMENT
DINNER TONIGHT.
YEAH,
WES ROBINSON'S GONE.
THAT MAKES ME THE LAST MEMBER
OF MY ACADEMY CLASS
STILL ON THE JOB.
SO YOU COLLECTED!
HOW MUCH WAS IN THE TROPHY?
MAYBE $4,000.
THAT'S GREAT! THAT'S YOUR REWARD
FOR MAKING HISTORY.
YEAH.
AND RELIVING IT.
OVER AND OVER.
LET ME GUESS.
THE VICTIM WAS MARRIED,
SO HER HUSBAND CALLED IT IN.
YOU MUST BE PSYCHIC.
YEAH.
LIEUTENANT FLYNN,
MAJOR CRIMES.
RIGHT.
I NEED A T.O.D.
WHERE ARE YOU PEOPLE?
SO, WHAT SORT OF SORRY EXCUSE
DID THIS HUSBAND HAVE?
WELL,
HE CAME HOME FROM WORK
TO FIND HIS WIFE
AT THE BOTTOM OF THE POOL.
I SEE LOTS OF BLOOD,
SO NO DROWNING, I GUESS.
NO -- YES.
STABBED TO DEATH.
FOUND A KNIFE
AT THE BOTTOM OF THE POOL.
LOOKS RIGHT.
YEAH, WELL,
WHERE'S THE HUSBAND?
HE'S OVER THERE, SIR.
SYKES, TELL ME, UH...
WAS THE "ALARM NOT SET,"
OR DID HE FAKE A BREAK-IN?
EXCELLENT QUESTION,
SIR.
NO SIGN
OF FORCED ENTRY.
MOTION DETECTORS
INSIDE THE HOUSE,
PERIMETER ALARM CONTROLLED
VIA KEYPAD OUTSIDE.
THE TOP OF HIS BACKYARD WALLS
INCLUDE PRESSURE SENSORS
FOR ANYTHING
OVER 30 POUNDS.
YEAH, JUST LIKE IN HIS THIRD
MOVIE ABOUT THAT BURGLAR GUY.
SET IN A RUSSIAN PRISON?
CALLED "CAT IN THE BAG"?
OUR VICTIM'S HUSBAND
IS MARTIN ELLIOT.
HE'S A BIG-TIME
FILM DIRECTOR.
BUT YOU'RE RIGHT --
MR. ELLIOT SAYS
THE ALARM WAS OFF
WHEN HE GOT HERE.
WELL, IF HE FOUND HIS WIFE
IN THE POOL,
SHOULDN'T HE BE WET?
Sanchez: WELL,
HE DIDN'T TRY TO RESCUE HER.
HE JUST CALLED 911.
UH-HUH.
BUZZ, IN CASE
WE DON'T GET A CHANCE
TO TALK TO MR. ELLIOT AGAIN,
UH, LET'S FILM HIM HERE NOW.
YES, SIR.
AND, SYKES, CAREFULLY REMIND HIM
OF HIS RIGHTS.
OKAY. NEVER-ENDING
BUDGET CRISIS.
THE MORGUE CAN'T GET ANYBODY
OUT HERE UNTIL 5:00 A.M.
IT'S OKAY.
SHE HAS
NO PLACE ELSE TO BE.
OF COURSE
I'M AWARE OF MY RIGHTS.
I GOT MY START
CREATING THE NUMBER-ONE
COP REALITY SERIES
OF ALL TIME,
"YOU HAVE THE RIGHT
TO REMAIN SILENT."
DO YOU REALLY NEED ME
TO GO THROUGH THIS STORY
FOR A THIRD TIME?
WHAT YOU SAY NOW
WILL GO A LONG WAY
TO HELPING US
FIND THE KILLER.
FINE.
I CAME HOME FROM WORK
TO --
EHT-EHT.
I CAME HOME FROM WORK
11:00 THIS EVENING.
I THOUGHT THAT GRETCHEN
HAD GONE TO BED,
SO I WENT UPSTAIRS,
AND I LOOKED OUT THE WINDOW.
THEN I SAW BLOOD IN THE WATER,
AND I CALLED 911.
HOW LONG
IS THIS GONNA TAKE, MAN?
I GOT -- MY PHONE IS INSIDE.
I GOT TO GET TO MY PHONE.
ARE WE DONE?
THANK YOU, BUZZ.
AND REMIND LIEUTENANT TAO
ABOUT THE SPECIAL PRESS RELEASE
I ASKED HIM
TO MAKE UP FOR ME.
WILL DO.
OKAY.
FIRST, THE BODY
WAS AT THE BOTTOM
OF A HEATED POOL
FOR A WHILE,
THEN LEFT OUT IN THE NIGHT AIR
TILL EARLY THIS MORNING,
SO I HAVE TO PUT
THE TIME OF DEATH
AS BETWEEN
7:00 AND 11:00 P.M.
BUT THAT'S NOT
THE WORST OF IT.
WHAT COULD BE WORSE
THAN A FOUR-HOUR WINDOW
FOR TIME OF DEATH?
THE VICTIM WAS...
THREE MONTHS PREGNANT.
SO...
DOUBLE HOMICIDE.
MARTIN ELLIOT NEVER MENTIONED
HIS WIFE WAS EXPECTING.
NO, MA'AM.
WHY WOULD HE NOT SAY ANYTHING
ABOUT THE DEATH OF HIS CHILD?
YES?
CAN I HELP YOU?
SORRY. I THOUGHT
YOU'D BE DONE BY NOW.
OH, GOD.
PARDON ME.
I CAN'T BREATHE.
Sharon: DR. MORALES, THIS IS,
UH, DEPUTY D.A. EMMA RIOS,
WHO MAY BE CONFUSED.
THIS HOMICIDE HAS NOTHING TO DO
WITH PHILLIP STROH.
YES, BUT SINCE
I WAS COMING OVER TO INTERVIEW
OUR MATERIAL WITNESS
IN THAT CASE,
D.D.A. HOBBS THOUGHT I SHOULD
PICK UP THIS MURDER, TOO.
OH, GOD.
UH,
THE MASK WON'T HELP.
JUST COLLECTS THE SMELL
IN ONE PLACE.
HERE.
PUT A LITTLE BIT OF THIS
UNDERNEATH YOUR NOSE.
WHY DON'T YOU
JUST TURN YOUR BACK,
READ THROUGH
OUR CRIME REPORT,
AND JUST LISTEN
TO DR. MORALES, OKAY?
THANK YOU, CAPTAIN.
OKAY.
HERE'S A CLEAN ENTRY WOUND
I CAN MEASURE.
D.D.A. RIOS, YOU MAY WANT
TO COVER YOUR EARS.
[ SQUISHING ]
LOOKS LIKE A SINGLE-EDGE,
3-INCH-LONG BLADE.
AND SHE WAS ATTACKED LYING DOWN
FROM BEHIND.
I DON'T SEE DEFENSIVE WOUNDS,
THOUGH SHE COULD'VE BEEN ASLEEP.
UNLESS SHE WAS DRUNK.
NO.
SHE WAS PREGNANT.
MAYBE HER HUSBAND DRUGGED HER,
BUT WITH WHAT?
AS ALWAYS, TOX SCREENS GO FASTER
IF I KNOW WHAT TO LOOK FOR.
Emma: EXCUSE ME,
BUT WHAT IN THIS CRIME REPORT
SAYS "HUSBAND" TO YOU?
WELL, THE KILLER
HAD ACCESS TO THE HOUSE.
AND THE KNIFE
WE FOUND IN THE POOL...
Tao: ...MATCHES EXACTLY
THE MEASUREMENTS
OF THE MURDER WEAPON
AND FITS INTO THIS SPACE
FROM THIS SET OF KNIVES
FROM THE VICTIM'S KITCHEN.
ANY BIOLOGICAL EVIDENCE
ON THAT KNIFE?
IT WAS DUMPED
IN A CHLORINATED POOL, SO NO.
YOUR TIME-OF-DEATH WINDOW
ALLOWS OUR SUSPECT
TO CLAIM HE WAS AWAY FROM HOME
DURING THE MURDER.
DO YOU HAVE ANY OTHER REASON
TO HOLD HIM?
Sharon:
WE'RE NOT HOLDING HIM.
MR. ELLIOT'S HOUSE
IS A CRIME SCENE.
HE'S HELPING US
FIND HIS WIFE'S KILLER.
BUT YOU STILL ONLY HAVE
48 HOURS
BEFORE YOU HAVE TO RELEASE HIM
OR PUT HIM IN FRONT OF A JUDGE.
DO YOU EVEN HAVE A MOTIVE?
Provenza: LOOK,
I KNOW IT'S OLD-FASHIONED,
BUT WHY DON'T
WE JUST ASK HIM
WHY HE STABBED HIS WIFE
TO DEATH?
THERE ARE OTHER QUESTIONS
WE NEED ANSWERED FIRST.
SORRY IT TOOK SO LONG.
OUR PRINTER'S DOWN AGAIN.
WELL,
JUST KEEP USING TAYLOR'S
UNTIL HE AUTHORIZES
A REPLACEMENT.
HERE'S THE INCOMPLETE
PRESS RELEASE YOU ASKED
ME FOR, CAPTAIN,
ALONG WITH
THE SUSPECT'S WEEKLY SCHEDULE,
COURTESY OF HIS OFFICE.
WAIT A MINUTE. WAIT.
YOU'RE NOT SHARING
OUR PRESS RELEASE
WITH MR. ELLIOT, ARE YOU?
YES, D.D.A. RIOS,
THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT I'M DOING.
[ RADIO CHATTER ]
WHILE I'M DIRECTING,
MY SCHEDULE CHANGES CONSTANTLY.
MY ASSISTANT PUTS OUT UPDATES
TO ME, MY AGENT, MY EDITOR,
MY WIFE, MY EX-WIFE,
MY MOTHER.
CAPTAIN?
HMM?
HERE'S THE PRESS RELEASE
YOU ASKED FOR.
PRESS RELEASE?
MR. ELLIOT, WE THINK
THAT THE PERSON
THAT MURDERED YOUR WIFE
MIGHT HAVE ACTUALLY
BEEN TRYING TO KILL YOU.
OH, MY GOD.
MM-HMM.
YOU MEAN...
YOU MAY HAVE BEEN
THE INTENDED VICTIM, SIR, YES.
AND OUR...CELEBRITY THREAT
DIVISION IS WORKING ON THAT.
SO FROM HERE ON OUT,
HOW WE TALK TO THE MEDIA
IS VERY IMPORTANT.
LOOK OVER
THE PRESS RELEASE.
MAKE SURE
WE'RE ALL ON THE SAME PAGE.
WELL, YOU COULD LEAVE OUT
THE NAME OF THE FILM.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ SCRIBBLING ]
AND LET'S SAY
I'M "WORKING WITH THE L.A.P.D."
INSTEAD OF "COOPERATING."
[ Chuckling ]
"COOPERATING" MAKES ME
SOUND LIKE I'M A SUSPECT.
DO NOT MENTION MY TWO SONS
"FROM A PREVIOUS MARRIAGE."
MAN!
I HAVE GOT TO TALK
WITH THEM.
AND WHERE I WAS LAST NIGHT
IS LEFT BLANK. WHY?
THIS SHOULD BE
"WATCHING DAILIES."
Sanchez:
HOW DID WE MISS THAT?
AND THAT WAS
WHAT TIME, SIR?
7:00 TO 10:00.
IT'S ON MY SCHEDULE.
CALL POSTPRODUCTION. THEY'LL
HAVE A RECORD OF THE DOWNLOAD.
ANYONE WATCH THESE DAILIES
WITH YOU?
NOT USUALLY,
BUT I HAVE AN ACTRESS
WITH SOME BAD HABITS.
I WANTED HER TO SEE HOW MUCH
SHE BLINKS HER EYES ON-CAMERA.
WHY?
Sharon: MR. ELLIOT,
WHEN THIS ACTRESS LEFT,
SHE MAY HAVE SEEN SOMEONE
HANGING AROUND WAITING FOR YOU.
COULD WE HAVE
HER PHONE NUMBER?
YOUR PEOPLE WOULD NOT LET ME
BACK IN MY HOME
TO GET MY CELL.
I DON'T CARRY THESE NUMBERS
AROUND IN MY HEAD.
WE'LL FIND THAT PHONE
FOR YOU, SIR.
OH, MY GOD.
SO MUCH LOST.
THERE'S ANOTHER CHANCE
AT BEING A GOOD HUSBAND,
ANOTHER CHANCE
AT BEING A GOOD FATHER.
WHAT HAPPENED?
ANOTHER...CHANCE
AT BEING A GOOD FATHER?
EXCUSE ME, SIR. ARE YOU SAYING
YOUR WIFE WAS PREGNANT?
YES.
OHHH.
YES. DID I NOT MENTION THAT
BEFORE? I CAN'T REMEMBER.
HOW COULD I HAVE
FORGOTTEN THAT?
[ SIGHS ]
EVERYTHING WAS SUPPOSED TO BE
DIFFERENT THIS TIME.
MY KIDS.
I HAVE GOT TO TALK
TO MY KIDS.
BECAUSE, ASHLEY,
THEY'RE MY KIDS, TOO.
WHAT --
I KNOW THAT.
I UNDERSTAND THAT.
AH. NEGOTIATING
WITH THE EX-WIFE.
YOU KNOW, MAYBE
THE FORMER MRS. ELLIOT
WOULD BE WILLING
TO SHARE SOME MEMORIES
OF HER TIME
SPENT WITH THE ARTISTE.
JUST GET THEM OUT OF THE HOUSE,
GET THEM HERE.
Emma: I STILL SAY
GIVING HIM HIS PHONE IS RISKY.
WHAT IF HE CALLS
A LAWYER?
IS SHE THE NEW, UH...
WHAT IS IT?
DEPUTY D.A.
THAT'S HER.
HMM.
WHAT'S SHE LIKE?
LIEUTENANT PROVENZA AND I
WILL BOTH BE WITH YOU
FOR THE INTERVIEW.
[  DIALING]
OH, MAN. THAT BAD?
Elliot: YEAH, HI, SWEETIE.
HEY, CAPTAIN,
I THINK THIS IS IT.
LISTEN -- UH, THANKS.
I-I'M NOT SAYING
THAT THIS IS GOING TO HAPPEN,
BUT IF THE POLICE CALL YOU,
I NEED YOU TO TELL THEM
THAT I WAS WITH YOU
LAST NIGHT.
I'LL DRAW UP A WARRANT TO GET
THE NUMBER HE JUST CALLED.
Provenza:
BIG SURPRISE.
OUR SUSPECT
SEEMS TO HAVE A GIRLFRIEND.
IN OTHER NEWS THIS MORNING,
THE SUN ROSE IN THE EAST.
WELL, IT CERTAINLY
DIDN'T SOUND LIKE
HE WAS GRIEVING
HIS WIFE AND CHILD.
OKAY.
NOPE. SOUNDS LIKE A MAN
WHO KNOWS HE'S A SUSPECT.
I'LL TELL YOU LATER.
BYE.
IN YOUR WRITTEN STATEMENT
TFROM LAST YEAR,PART.
YOU SAY "MR. STROH
WAS ABOUT 100 FEET AWAY."
RIGHT. HE WAS
ABOUT 100 FEET AWAY.
ABOUT.
AND YOU SAW THE KILLER
WHEN YOU WERE WITH
A MR. DOUGLAS GRAND,
STANDING
IN YOUR UNDERWEAR.
YES.
AND YOU WERE
IN YOUR UNDERWEAR WHY?
IT WAS HOT OUTSIDE.
WHAT HE WAS WEARING
IS PERTINENT BECAUSE...?
I'LL GET TO THAT.
THIS HILLTOP --
WAS IT A FAVORITE SPOT OF YOURS
TO BRINGS JOHNS OR CLIENTS?
OKAY,
THE WORD IS "DATE,"
AND I DIDN'T HAVE
A FAVORITE SPOT, OKAY, LADY?
THIS WASN'T, LIKE, FUN
FOR ME.
IT WAS DOUG'S SPOT,
NOT MINE,
AND HE LIKED IT
BECAUSE IT WAS OFF THE TRAIL.
I DON'T KNOW.
ASK HIM ABOUT IT.
DO YOU REALLY NEED TO PURSUE
THIS LINE OF QUESTIONING?
MR. STROH'S LAWYERS
WILL FOCUS
ON WHY RUSTY WAS
AT GRIFFITH PARK AT NIGHT
ENGAGED IN AN ACT
OF SEX FOR HIRE
IN ORDER TO DISCREDIT
HIS TESTIMONY.
YOU THINK I'M TOUGH?
WAIT UNTIL THE DEFENSE ASKS IF
YOU HAD A THING FOR OLDER GUYS.
[ SCOFFS ]
OR WHY YOU ENDED UP
ON THE STREET OR HOW IT WAS
YOU BECAME A "WHOREPHAN"
IN THE FIRST PLACE.
I'M SORRY --
A-A-A "WHOREPHAN"?!
OH, THEY'LL SAY IT.
D.D.A. RIOS,
WE ARE STOPPING!
EXCUSE ME,
BUT I AM NOT REQUIRED
WE NEED TO STOP!
TO INCLUDE OFFICERS
IN THIS INTERVIEW.
RUSTY HAS THE RIGHT
TO HAVE HIS GUARDIAN PRESENT!
HIS GUARDIAN?
A-ARE YOU SAYING
MY -- MY WITNESS LIVES WITH YOU?
RUSTY,
THAT'S ENOUGH FOR NOW.
LIEUTENANT, THANK YOU.
HEY, YOU ARE AN ASSHOLE.
OKAY?
AND I AM NEVER
TALKING TO YOU AGAIN. NEVER.
THERE'S NOTHING IN EITHER
L.A.P.D. RULES OR POLICY
THAT SAYS RUSTY CAN'T LIVE
WITH A POLICE OFFICER.
STROH'S LAWYERS WILL CLAIM
YOU COACHED THE CHILD.
I'VE NEVER DISCUSSED THE CASE
WITH RUSTY EVEN ONCE.
NO, YOU JUST
PUT A ROOF OVER HIS HEAD,
FED HIM,
AND BOUGHT HIM HIS CLOTHES.
ARE YOU PAYING
FOR THE CATHOLIC SCHOOL
THAT GOES WITH THE UNIFORM
HE'S WEARING?
AND WERE THOSE KEYS
TO A VEHICLE
HE JUST GRABBED
OFF YOUR DESK?
I KEEP A CAR
FOR WHEN MY KIDS VISIT,
AND RUSTY TAKES IT
TO SCHOOL.
OH, I APOLOGIZE.
YOU'RE NOT COACHING THE WITNESS.
YOU'RE BRIBING HIM.
THIS HAS TO CHANGE.
BUT FIRST, I NEED HIM
TO FINISH THIS INTERVIEW.
IT'S NOT A GOOD IDEA
RIGHT NOW.
OH, MY GOD.
HMM?
WHAT EVER HAPPENED
TO PROFESSIONAL DISTANCE
AND GOOD OLD FOSTER CARE?
THAT BOY WAS SELLING HIMSELF
ON THE STREET TO SURVIVE,
WHICH PUTS HIM
AT SPECIAL RISK --
DON'T TALK TO ME
ABOUT --
DON'T INTERRUPT ME.
IT PUTS HIM AT SPECIAL RISK
FOR SUICIDE.
DON'T TALK TO ME
ABOUT SPECIAL RISKS
WHEN I AM PROSECUTING
A SERIAL KILLER.
I WANT THAT BOY
OUT OF YOUR HOUSE
AND PLACED SOMEWHERE ELSE
POSTHASTE.
THAT'S NOT GONNA HAPPEN.
AND I SUGGEST YOU FACTOR
MY LEGAL GUARDIANSHIP
INTO YOUR CASE.
OH...I AM.
AND IN JUST THE SAME WAY
YOU'RE FACTORING IN
HOW YOUR SUSPECT
NEVER TOLD YOU ABOUT HIS BABY.
Elliot: NO.
WELL,
THEY'RE NOT EXACTLY...
Tao: I CAN'T TELL YOU WHO HE WAS
ASKING TO LIE FOR HIM,
BECAUSE ELLIOT
WAS CALLING HIMSELF.
THE NUMBER HE DIALED
FOR HIS ALIBI
BELONGED TO HIS OWN CORPORATION,
RIVERWAY FILMS.
HE ORDERED ANOTHER CELL
FOR HIS COMPANY
AND GAVE IT TO SOMEONE.
Sykes: MEANWHILE,
ON OUR VICTIM'S PHONE,
STARTING EIGHT HOURS
BEFORE GRETCHEN ELLIOT
WAS FOUND
AT THE BOTTOM OF HER POOL,
SHE HAD A CALL FROM HER MOM,
A CALL TO A CATERER,
A LATE-AFTERNOON CALL
FROM THE HOTEL PERINO --
NO ROOM NUMBER --
AND THEN
ABOUT A HALF AN HOUR AFTER THAT,
SHE MADE AN APPOINTMENT
FOR FRIDAY AT HER HAIR SALON.
CAPTAIN.
ELLIOT'S STILL RESCHEDULING
ACTORS AND CREW FOR HIS FILM.
Tao: SEEMS LIKE
HE HAS MORE OF A RELATIONSHIP
WITH HIS MOVIE
THAN HIS WIFE.
NO USE TALKING TO
THOSE PEOPLE. THEY HAVE TO
STAY ON HIS GOOD SIDE.
FLYNN'S ON HIS WAY UP
WITH ELLIOT'S EX-WIFE.
NOW, IF MY EXPERIENCE
MEANS ANYTHING,
THEN SHE WON'T EVEN REMEMBER
HIS GOOD SIDE.
AND IF ELLIOT WAS CHEATING
ON HIS CURRENT WIFE, WHICH --
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
Tao: HMM.
EX-WIFE LOOKS FAMILIAR.
SAME SIZE AND SHAPE
AS THE VICTIM.
BLOND, FIT.
I BET
SHE'S GOT BLUE EYES.
THE GUY HAS A TYPE.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
ASHLEY.
I'M CAPTAIN SHARON RAYDOR.
SO SORRY
ABOUT YOU AND YOUR FAMILY.
YEAH.
NOT A GOOD TIME.
REPORTERS OUTSIDE OUR HOUSE
AT 6:00 A.M.
TRYING TO TALK
TO MY SONS.
AND THEY LOVED, LOVED, LOVED
GRETCHEN.
MR. ELLIOT HAS BEEN
VERY CONCERNED ABOUT YOUR BOYS.
THAT'S...GOOD TO HEAR.
SOMETIMES I THINK
THEY SHOULD BE RE-INTRODUCED.
YOU MEAN YOUR KIDS DON'T SEE
THEIR FATHER VERY OFTEN?
TECHNICALLY,
EVERY OTHER WEEKEND,
AND IN THE SUMMER,
THEY LIVE IN HIS POOL.
BUT MARTIN'S NEVER AROUND --
ALWAYS DIRECTING OR DEVELOPING.
DID HE DEVELOP A LOT
DURING YOUR MARRIAGE, TOO?
TAKE A LOT OF "MEETINGS"
AT NIGHT?
I SEE.
WAS HE CHEATING
ON GRETCHEN, TOO?
MM-HMM.
WHY AM I
NOT SURPRISED?
MR. ELLIOT
CHEATED ON YOU?
BOTH TIMES
I WAS "WITH CHILD."
SO, OF COURSE,
HE DID IT TO GRETCHEN, TOO.
HE'S INCAPABLE OF CHANGE.
SO, HE LEFT YOU
FOR GRETCHEN.
SIX YEARS AGO,
DURING MY SECOND PREGNANCY.
YES.
I NEVER BLAMED HER,
THOUGH.
GRETCHEN GOT HER RING
THE SAME WAY I DID.
OH?
MR. ELLIOT WAS MARRIED
WHEN YOU MET HIM?
YES.
HIS FIRST WIFE, BRITTANY,
COMMITTED SUICIDE.
LOOK, I'M NOT SURE WHERE YOU'RE
GOING WITH THESE QUESTIONS,
BUT MARTIN DOESN'T HAVE TO KILL
HIS WIVES.
TRUST ME --
HE HAS GREAT DIVORCE LAWYERS.
E-EXCUSE ME. RIGHT NOW
I'M WORRIED ABOUT MY BOYS.
THE FIRST WIFE?
Tao: BRITTANY WELLS
MARRIED MARTIN ELLIOT
ALMOST 20 YEARS AGO
BUT KEPT HER OWN LAST NAME.
YEAH, THAT WAS BEFORE
HE BECAME THE MARTIN ELLIOT.
HERE'S THE FIRST MRS. ELLIOT'S
PROFESSIONAL POSE.
AH.
AND HERE'S
WHAT SHE LOOKED LIKE
WHEN THE L.A.P.D. MET HER
15 YEARS AGO.
Sanchez:
WELL, IT SAYS HERE
ELLIOT FOUND THE BODY
WHEN HE CAME HOME FROM WORK.
HE'S FAMOUS FOR SEQUELS.
YOUR DIVISION
HAS TO STOP USING
THE PRINTER IN MY OFFICE,
CAPTAIN.
WELL, IT'S THE ONLY ONE WORKING
ON THE ENTIRE FLOOR,
AND WE USED IT
FOR A SEARCH WARRANT.
WHICH WE ARE
REALLY GOING TO NEED,
GIVEN WHERE THIS CASE
IS TAKING US.
OH! EW!
IS THAT ANOTHER BODY?
WHO'S DEAD NOW?
UH, ELLIOT'S FIRST WIFE,
BRITTANY.
WHO DIED PREGNANT
AND CUT HER WRISTS
WITH THIS SMALL KNIFE
AND HAD A POSITIVE TOX SCREEN
FOR VALIUM.
Provenza: IF YOU'D BEEN
PAYING ATTENTION TO THIS CASE
INSTEAD OF RUSTY BECK,
THEN YOU WOULDN'T
BE PLAYING CATCH-UP NOW.
Flynn: BECAUSE
IF DR. MORALES FINDS VALIUM
IN GRETCHEN ELLIOT'S BODY,
WE HAVE A PATTERN.
Provenza:
YEAH, THEN ALL WE NEED
IS THE NAME OF THE ACTRESS
HE CALLED TO BE HIS ALIBI.
ASK HIM THAT,
AND HE'LL INVOKE.
NOT IF WE PRESENT
THE INFORMATION PROPERLY.
LIEUTENANT.
THE KILLER HAD ACCESS
TO YOUR SCHEDULE,
KNEW YOUR ALARM CODE,
USED A KNIFE
FROM YOUR KITCHEN,
A HOSE
FROM YOUR BACKYARD.
ALL THESE THINGS
POINT IN ONE DIRECTION.
THIS DIRECTION.
ME?!
SERIOUSLY?
THE COMPUTER LOG-ONS
FOR THE DAY...
Tao: PROVE NOTHING.
YOU COULD HAVE DONE ALL THAT
FROM HOME,
KILLED YOUR WIFE,
LOGGED OFF A FEW HOURS LATER.
YOU SAID YOU WERE
WITH AN ACTRESS AT THE TIME?
ALL RIGHT.
FINE. YES.
[ SMACKS LIPS ]
CALL JENNIFER O'BRIEN.
SHE'LL COOPERATE WITH YOU,
I'M SURE.
I BET SHE WILL, TOO,
SINCE WE HAVE YOU ON VIDEO
ASKING HER TO LIE.
YOU RECORDED
MY PRIVATE CONVERSATION?
WITHOUT MY CONSENT?
Flynn: OH, PLEASE.
SUDDENLY, MR. "I MAKE REALITY
COP SHOWS" DOESN'T REMEMBER
THAT THERE'S NO RIGHT TO PRIVACY
IN A POLICE STATION?
OF COURSE WE RECORDED YOU.
WHAT DO YOU THINK? WE'RE IDIOTS?
I WANT MY LAWYER NOW.
Tao:
THAT'S YOUR RIGHT, SIR.
AND THERE GOES
MILLIONS OF DOLLARS UP IN SMOKE
IN A FIVE-YEAR
DEATH-PENALTY TRIAL.
HIS EGO WON'T PERMIT IT.
Tao: JUST KNOW -- THE SECOND
YOU CALL AN ATTORNEY
AND INVOKE YOUR RIGHTS...
I'LL BE ARRESTING YOU
FOR MULTIPLE MURDERS
IN THE FIRST DEGREE
WITH SPECIAL CIRCUMSTANCES.
Sykes:
AND THE VIDEO OF YOUR TRIP
TO THE COUNTY JAIL
WILL GO
STRAIGHT TO YouTube,
WHERE IT WILL LIVE
UNTIL THE DAY YOU DIE.
SO BE SURE
AND SMILE AT THE CAMERA.
OR YOU CAN HELP US
USE THIS SEARCH WARRANT.
Elliot: IS THIS WHAT YOU MEANT
BY "CELEBRITY THREAT DIVISION"?
'CAUSE I'M FEELING
PRETTY THREATENED RIGHT NOW.
ALL RIGHT. FINE.
SEARCH MY HOUSE.
YOU'RE NOT GONNA FIND
ANYTHING!
OH, WE'RE NOT SEARCHING
YOUR HOUSE.
JUST UNDER
YOUR FINGERNAILS.
LOOKING FOR A LITTLE BLOOD.
Emma: OKAY.
I'M GONNA GO REVIEW
THIS NEW MATERIAL.
BUT I WANT SOME ASSURANCES
ON MY OTHER ISSUES.
Elliot: OKAY.
OKAY, LOOK...
I ADMIT IT.
I FABRICATED AN ALIBI.
BUT ONLY BECAUSE I KNOW
THAT THE POLICE ALWAYS
CONCENTRATE ON THE HUSBAND.
DO YOU HAVE CONFLICTS
BETWEEN YOUR JOB AS CAPTAIN
AND BEING THE FOSTER PARENT
OF A MATERIAL WITNESS?
...POURED MYSELF A DRINK.
I WOKE UP THREE HOURS LATER,
AND THIS WAS A BAD NIGHT
FOR THAT TO HAPPEN.
BUT YOU --
YOU CAN'T ARREST ME!
NO.
MY ROLE IS THE SAME
IN BOTH INSTANCES --
TO PROTECT THE CHILD.
IF HE STOPS COOPERATING
WITH US,
I'LL PUT THE BOY
BACK WITH DCFS,
FIND HIM
ANOTHER FOSTER HOME.
AND YOU SHOULD
TELL HIM THAT.
THREATENING THE STABILITY
OF HIS ENVIRONMENT
IS THE WORST THING
I COULD DO TO RUSTY.
I CAN'T LOSE HIS TRUST.
I JUST NEED
A LITTLE MORE TIME.
I JUST BOUGHT YOU
24 HOURS.
THE BOY SITS DOWN WITH EMMA
TOMORROW AFTERNOON,
OR...HE'S GONE.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
"LITTLE CAT FEET," "BLACK CAT,"
AND "CAT IN THE BAG,"
HAS BECOME
A PERSON OF INTEREST
IN THE MURDER OF HIS WIFE,
FOUND IN THE BOTTOM
OF THE POOL
BEHIND THIS SPRAWLING
CONTEMPORARY HOME IN BEL-AIR.
I'M NOT EATING
ON THE COUCH.
I'M EATING
IN   FRONOF THE COUCH.
AND I'M HOLDING A PLATE
UNDERNEATH MY HAMBURGER,
JUST SO YOU KNOW.
I'M WATCHING YOUR CASE
ON TELEVISION, SHARON.
REALLY?
YEAH.
AND THEY'RE ALL LIKE,
"OH, THIS FAMOUS DIRECTOR GUY
KILLED HIS WIFE."
WHY'D HE DO IT?
SOMETIMES
IT'S ANOTHER WOMAN.
[ TELEVISION TURNS OFF ]
DIVORCE SETTLEMENTS
CAN BE VERY EXPENSIVE --
CHILD SUPPORT
AND ALL THAT.
BUT HE'S RICH ALREADY,
RIGHT?
IS HE GONNA GET A DEAL?
I DON'T KNOW.
WE'LL SEE.
D.D.A. RIOS IS TURNING OUT
TO BE MORE COMPLICATED
THAN I'D HOPED.
YEAH.
TELL ME ABOUT IT.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
SHE'S CRAZY,
THAT EMMA LADY.
I'M DONE TALKING TO HER.
BUT YOU HAVE TO TESTIFY
IN COURT.
[ PLATE CLANKS ]
WHY?
BRENDA WAS THERE
THAT NIGHT.
SHE CAN SAY WHAT HAPPENED,
CAN'T SHE?
CHIEF JOHNSON WAS AT HER HOUSE.
SHE WASN'T AT THE PARK.
YOU'RE THE ONLY PERSON
WHO WAS IN BOTH PLACES.
OKAY, LISTEN --
WE CAN'T DISCUSS ANYTHING
ABOUT YOUR TESTIMONY,
BUT YOU SHOULD BE
AWARE --
RUSTY, YOU --
YOU SHOULD BE AWARE,
RUSTY --
HEY, I AM COMPLETELY AWARE,
OKAY?
I HAVE WAITED MY WHOLE LIFE
TO HAVE FRIENDS --
MY WHOLE LIFE.
AND THAT EMMA LADY IS
ABOUT TO TAKE THAT AWAY FROM ME,
BECAUSE THAT IS WHAT WILL HAPPEN
WHEN PEOPLE FIND OUT
WHAT I WAS DOING
UP AT GRIFFITH PARK.
YOU WON'T HAVE TO ANSWER
THOSE QUESTIONS.
SHE SAID
THAT THEY WOULD BE ASKED.
I KNOW.
AND THEY WILL.
BUT WHAT YOU WERE DOING
IN GRIFFITH PARK WAS ILLEGAL,
SO IF THE SUBJECT
COMES UP...
YOU CAN PLEAD THE FIFTH.
PLEAD THE WHAT?
ALL RIGHT, THE FIFTH AMENDMENT
TO THE CONSTITUTION
LETS YOU REFUSE
TO SAY ANYTHING UNDER OATH
THAT THE STATE CAN THEN USE
TO PROSECUTE YOU.
THAT DOESN'T MEAN YOU SHOULD
KEEP ANY INFORMATION FROM --
OH, MY GOD. YOU WANT ME
TO TALK TO HER AGAIN?
THAT IS BULLSHIT,
SHARON!
I AM THE WITNESS,
NOT THE CRIMINAL,
AND THAT EMMA
IS ATTACKING ME.
LET ME EXPLAIN TO YOU
JUST HOW IMPORTANT YOU ARE
TO THIS PROCESS.
A MAN WHO RAPED AND KILLED
FIVE YOUNG GIRLS
COULD END UP
GOING FREE...
UNLESS YOU SPEAK UP.
IS THAT
WHAT YOU WANT TO HAPPEN?
NO. NO. NO, SHARON.
OBVIOUSLY,
I DON'T WANT THAT TO HAPPEN.
BUT EVEN -- EVEN IF I-I PLEAD
THE FIFTH OR WHATEVER,
PEOPLE WILL FIND OUT
ABOUT ME.
[ SLAPS LEGS ]
THEY WILL.
[ Voice breaking ]
AND THEY WILL ALSO FIND OUT...
...THAT UNDER...
VERY DIFFICULT CIRCUMSTANCES
AND AGAINST
YOUR OWN BEST INTERESTS
THAT RUSTY BECK
WAS THE KIND OF PERSON
WHO WAS BRAVE ENOUGH
TO DO THE RIGHT THING.
AND WHATEVER I CAN DO
TO HELP YOU TALK WITH EMMA,
I PROMISE YOU
I WILL DO.
ALL RIGHT?
Emma: I ASSUME
PROGRESS HAS BEEN MADE?
LIEUTENANTS FLYNN AND PROVENZA
ARE OUT
PICKING UP MARTIN ELLIOT'S
FAKE-ALIBI WITNESS.
JENNIFER O'BRIEN.
SHE'S ACTING IN A MOVIE
HE'S FILMING RIGHT NOW.
HONESTLY,
I'VE BEEN THINKING ABOUT IT,
AND THE TAPE OF ELLIOT
ASKING SOMEONE TO LIE FOR HIM
IS ALL I NEED
TO GO TO TRIAL ON MURDER ONE.
TRIAL?
WHO WANTS TO GO TO TRIAL?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
I WANT TO PUT THE KILLER
IN JAIL FOR LIFE TODAY.
OKAY, HOLD ON --
YOU WANT A DEAL.
I KNOW.
BUT YOU HAVE NO WITNESSES,
NOTHING UNDER HIS FINGERNAILS,
HUGE TIME-OF-DEATH ISSUES,
AND JURIES LOVE PATTERNS --
TWO WIVES, TWO DRUG DEATHS,
MAYBE TWO KNIVES,
A MISTRESS
DURING EVERY MARRIAGE.
I CAN WIN THIS.
REALLY?
AND WHAT IF JENNIFER IS,
AS YOU SUGGEST, HIS MISTRESS?
THE DEFENSE WILL SAY
THAT SHE KILLED THE WIFE
IN ORDER TO GET
HER BOYFRIEND'S MONEY
AND HIS FANCY HOUSE.
HAVE YOU THOUGHT
ABOUT THAT?
AM I THE ONLY PERSON HERE
WHO UNDERSTANDS
THAT WE CAN'T HOLD MR. ELLIOT
MUCH LONGER
WITHOUT ARRESTING HIM?
AND IF WE LET HIM GO
AND HE KILLS SOMEONE ELSE,
WE'LL BE FACING
HUGE LIABILITY ISSUES.
MM.
I'VE NEVER HAD
A DETECTIVE
TRY AND TALK ME OUT OF
FILING CHARGES BEFORE.
THAT'S BECAUSE YOU'RE NEW
TO THE BIG-PROFILE HOMICIDES.
YOU SEE, WE DON'T JUST
ARREST PEOPLE ANYMORE, EMMA.
WE HELP
GET THEM CONVICTED.
NOW, DO YOU WANT
TO ALTER THAT DYNAMIC?
SHOULD I CALL THE D.A.
AND ASK IF YOU REPRESENT
A CHANGE IN POLICY?
IF I MAY, SOME ADVICE.
TOO MUCH PRESSURE
CAN BACKFIRE
IN A MURDER INVESTIGATION
LIKE THIS.
IS THAT A KNOCK ON ME
WANTING TO INTERVIEW
YOUR FOSTER SON TODAY?
ONE OF THE NICE THINGS
ABOUT ME, D.D.A. RIOS,
IS THAT WHEN I'M REALLY UNHAPPY
ABOUT SOMETHING,
PEOPLE NEVER HAVE TO ASK.
[ CHUCKLES SOFTLY ]
FINE.
FOR NOW, MARTIN ELLIOT
IS YOUR PROBLEM,
AND RUSTY BECK IS MINE.
I EXPECT TO FINISH
MY CONVERSATION WITH HIM TODAY,
AS PROMISED.
Taylor: OKAY.
SO...
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
WHAT IF THIS JENNIFER O'BRIEN,
MARTIN'S FAKE-ALIBI WITNESS,
DOESN'T COOPERATE
WITH YOU?
UNCOOPERATIVE WITNESSES
ARE BECOMING
A SPECIALTY OF MINE.
WE JUST NEED TO GET JENNIFER
IN THE RIGHT FRAME OF MIND
AND ASK HER
THE PROPER QUESTIONS.
WHAT KIND OF QUESTIONS?
Provenza:
WHY ARE WE PARKING HERE?
GEEZ.
THE WOMAN LIVES
A BLOCK AWAY.
AND WHY ARE YOU WALKING
LIKE A CLOWN?
GOT A PHYSICAL IN A MONTH.
I'M DOING 10,000 STEPS A DAY.
IT LOWERS MY PULSE.
YOU SHOULD TRY IT.
I DIDN'T GET A TROPHY
FOR OUTLASTING MY ENTIRE CLASS
BY COUNTING MY STEPS.
OH, YEAH?
SO, WHAT'S YOUR SECRET, THEN?
MY DOCTOR HAS A PROBLEM
WITH MY HEALTH,
I GET MY X-RAYS
TOUCHED UP.
AND I STOPPED DRINKING ALCOHOL
AND SWITCHED TO WHITE WINE.
YOU KNOW...
I DON'T REALLY KNOW
WHY I'M WORKING AT ALL.
I'M NOT COUNTING MY STEPS.
I'M RETRACING THEM.
I SHOULD JUST RETIRE --
PLAY GOLF.
[ CHUCKLES ]
"PLAY GOLF."
AND WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO
THE WEEK AFTER THAT?
3,008, 9, 10, 11, 12...
GOOD MORNING.
LIEUTENANT FLYNN,
LIEUTENANT PROVENZA, L.A.P.D.
WE WOULD LIKE YOU
TO COME DOWNTOWN WITH US
FOR AN HOUR OR SO
TO DISCUSS MARTIN ELLIOT.
OH.
WELL, UM...
I HEARD WHAT HAPPENED
TO HIS WIFE.
BUT, YOU KNOW, I DON'T
REALLY KNOW MARTIN OUTSIDE WORK.
HMM. ME EITHER.
Man: WHO IS IT, BABE?
UH...UH,
THIS IS MY HUSBAND, DANNY.
UM, IT'S THE POLICE --
ABOUT MARTIN.
JUST --
UH, ONE SECOND, OFFICERS.
[ CHUCKLES ]
HUSBAND.
DANNY'S AN ACTOR, TOO.
IT'S HARD FOR HIM
WHEN I'M WORKING AND HE'S NOT.
PLUS, DEALING
WITH ALL THE EXTRA STUFF
THAT MARTIN
WANTS ME TO DO.
LIKE...
WHAT EXTRA STUFF?
WELL,
MARTIN LOVES REHEARSING.
I BET.
AND WHERE DO YOU DO THAT?
UH, THE STAGE, THE PARKING LOT,
THE LOCATION.
NIGHT BEFORE LAST,
WE WERE WORKING IN HIS TRAILER
FROM LIKE 7:00 TO 10:00 --
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
I THOUGHT YOU SAID
WE WERE GOING DOWNTOWN.
WHY -- WHY ARE WE
AT MARTIN'S HOUSE?
[ ENGINE SHUTS OFF ]
WELL.
I THOUGHT YOU WEREN'T FRIENDS
WITH MARTIN OUTSIDE OF WORK.
YET SHE KNOWS
WHERE HE LIVES.
GUESS YOU MUST HAVE BEEN HERE
BEFORE, HUH?
DID YOU EVER MEET HIS WIFE,
GRETCHEN?
DIRTY BLOND,
ABOUT YOUR HEIGHT,
STABBED SEVERAL TIMES
IN THE CHEST AND STOMACH?
MAYBE SHE KNOWS
THE ALARM CODES TO THE HOUSE.
OHH.
YOU EVER GO SWIMMING
IN THE POOL?
OR GO IN THE KITCHEN
AND SEE ALL THE SHARP KNIVES?
WHAT ARE YOU
ACCUSING ME OF?
LISTEN, SWEETIE, I'M NOT SAYING
THAT THIS IS GONNA HAPPEN,
BUT IF THE POLICE CALL YOU,
I NEED YOU TO TELL THEM
THAT I WAS WITH YOU
LAST NIGHT.
YOU DON'T KNOW MARTIN ELLIOT
THAT WELL,
SO YOU THOUGHT, "WHY NOT
COMMIT A FELONY FOR HIM?"
[ Voice breaking ]
LOOK, MARTIN CONSTANTLY
THREATENS TO FIRE ME, ALL RIGHT?
HE -- HE CALLS ME
A TERRIBLE ACTRESS.
SO I-I LET HIM THINK
THAT HE OWNS ME,
BUT IT'S JUST SO I END UP
IN THE FINAL CUT OF HIS FILM.
WHAT DO YOU WANT
FROM ME?
WE WANT TO KNOW
WHERE MARTIN WAS THAT NIGHT.
MAYBE HER HUSBAND
COULD TELL US.
AH.
SHE HAS A HUSBAND?
Jennifer: OKAY, UH...
WHO MAY HAVE FOUND OUT
ABOUT THE AFFAIR
AND TRIED TO FRAME
OUR SUSPECT.
THIS IS GONNA MAKE
MARTIN LOOK REALLY BAD,
BUT HE STOOD ME UP.
I WAITED FOR HIM
FROM 7:00 ON,
BUT I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED
TO HIM OR WHAT HE WAS DOING.
ALL RIGHT. WHERE WERE YOU
WAITING FOR HIM?
THE HOTEL PERINO,
BUNGALOW 9.
WAIT A MINUTE.
DIDN'T GRETCHEN ELLIOT
RECEIVE A CALL
FROM THE HOTEL PERINO
THE NIGHT SHE DIED?
YES, SHE DID.
BUT IF JENNIFER WAS
AT THE HOTEL,
WHY WOULD SHE CALL
GRETCHEN?
WELL, BECAUSE IF YOU'RE GONNA
DROP BY AND KILL SOMEBODY,
IT'S A GOOD IDEA
TO MAKE SURE THEY'RE HOME.
OKAY.
I WAS MAYBE PUSHING TO FILE
TOO SOON.
BUT REMEMBER THIS --
I'LL BE THE ONE WHO ULTIMATELY
DECIDES WHETHER WE DEAL.
AND I LOOK FORWARD
TO CLEARING UP
ALL THIS CONFUSION
WITH RUSTY.
Flynn:
HOTEL PERINO, BUNGALOW 9.
DID YOU SAVE YOUR ROOM KEY?
NO, I-I DON'T THINK SO.
[ DOOR OPENS, CLOSES ]
IT'S NICE TO SEE
WHERE THE OTHER HALF CHEATS.
[ CHUCKLES ]
WELCOME TO THE HOTEL PERINO.
HOW MAY I HELP YOU?
WE'RE FROM THE L.A.P.D.
THIS PLACE IS AMAZING.
HOW MUCH ARE YOUR ROOMS?
OUR SUPERIOR SUITE
STARTS AT $1,300 A NIGHT.
WE WANT TO LOOK
AT BUNGALOW 9.
I'M SORRY.
IT'S NOT AVAILABLE RIGHT NOW.
[ FAX MACHINE BEEPS ]
I APOLOGIZE.
UH, HOLD ON.
BUZZ, SEE WHAT THAT FAX IS
COMING IN BACK THERE.
UM,
I-I-I BEG YOUR PARDON.
EMPLOYEES ARE THE ONLY ONES
ALLOWED TO -- TO --
WAIT -- WHAT --
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
IT'S OUR SEARCH WARRANT,
LIEUTENANT.
BUZZ, DOES THAT THING
FAX AND PRINT?
UH, YES, SIR.
SCANS, TOO.
OOH.
WE NEED THE KEY TO BUNGALOW 9
AND FOR YOU TO TELL US
WHO HAD IT BOOKED
THE NIGHT BEFORE LAST.
IF YOU'D JUST LET ME
TALK TO MY MANAGER --
LISTEN TO ME.
YOU DELAY US ONE MORE TIME,
AND I'M GONNA ARREST YOU
FOR INTERFERING
WITH A POLICE INVESTIGATION.
YOU UNDERSTAND?
BUNGALOW 9 HAS A RESERVATION
EVERY WEDNESDAY
ON A CORPORATE ACCOUNT --
RIVERWAY FILMS.
MARTIN ELLIOT'S COMPANY.
MM-HMM.
EXCUSE ME.
WHAT KIND OF RECORDING LOOP
IS THAT SURVEILLANCE CAMERA ON?
ONE DAY? ONE WEEK?
UH...SECURITY'S
ALL IN THE BACK OFFICE.
Flynn: HMM.
AND THAT ROOM IS WHERE?
I CAN TAKE YOU,
IF YOU LIKE.
SO, THIS IS A FEW SECONDS
BEFORE THE TIMECODE MATCH
FOR THE PHONE CALL
FROM THE PERINO
TO GRETCHEN'S CELL.
Flynn: HEY, ENLARGE
THE UPPER-LEFT CORNER THERE.
LOOK WHO'S USING
THE HOUSE PHONE.
Provenza: THE GIRLFRIEND SAID
SHE WAS HERE,
SO THAT'S
NO BIG SURPRISE.
YEAH, BUT WHY CALL
FROM THE LOBBY
WHEN YOU'RE
IN BUNGALOW 9?
WHAT WAY IS SHE GOING?
TOWARD
THE PARKING-GARAGE ELEVATOR.
PARKING-GARAGE ANGLE'S
OVER HERE.
WAIT A MINUTE.
REWIND THAT.
[ KEYBOARD CLACKING ]
YEAH. FREEZE IT.
NOW BLOW IT UP.
THAT'S NOT
THE GIRLFRIEND.
THAT'S HIS EX-WIFE.
SO,
YOU WENT TO THE HOTEL
TO MAKE SURE
JENNIFER HAD ARRIVED,
WHICH MEANT
MARTIN WAS COMING.
CALLED THE HOUSE AND CONFIRMED
GRETCHEN WAS IN THE HOME
THAT USED TO BE YOURS.
YOU CAN'T EVEN PLACE MY CLIENT
AT THE CRIME SCENE.
WE JUST LEARNED
FROM OUR MEDICAL EXAMINER
THAT VALIUM WAS PRESENT
IN GRETCHEN ELLIOT'S BODY.
SO WHAT?
VALIUM'S A VERY COMMON DRUG.
SO COMMON, IN FACT,
THAT MR. ELLIOT'S FIRST WIFE,
BRITTANY,
ALSO HAD VALIUM IN HER BODY
THE NIGHT THAT SHE DIED.
Emma: WHAT SHE DIDN'T HAVE
WAS A PRESCRIPTION.
NEITHER DID GRETCHEN.
BRITTANY
COMMITTED SUICIDE.
WE'RE RETHINKING THAT,
ASHLEY.
WE'RE RETHINKING THAT
VERY HARD.
RIGHT NOW,
I HAVE MY DETECTIVES
SEARCHING YOUR HOUSE
FOR VALIUM.
AND ALSO, AS YOU KNOW,
WHEN YOU STAB A PERSON
AS MANY TIMES AS YOU DID,
THERE'S LOTS AND LOTS OF BLOOD
TO CLEAN UP.
YOU CAN'T
GET RID OF IT ALL.
EVEN WHEN YOU GO HOME
AND YOU WASH, WASH, WASH
YOUR CAR,
YOU MISS IT.
Emma: SO, THOSE DETECTIVES
ARE ALSO LOOKING FOR BLOOD
IN YOUR VEHICLE.
AND THEY'RE GONNA FIND IT.
ONE DROP OF BLOOD,
ONE DOSE OF VALIUM,
THEY CALL THIS PHONE.
THE OFFER IS TWO
SECOND-DEGREE-MURDER CHARGES --
30 YEARS, CONSECUTIVE.
AND IT'S ONLY GOOD UNTIL
THAT CELLPHONE STARTS RINGING.
HEY.
UH, DON'T TELL SHARON
I TALKED TO YOU, OKAY?
MY SHORT-TERM MEMORY
WILL TAKE CARE OF THAT.
WHAT'S ON YOUR MIND?
I'VE DECIDED TO...ANSWER
ALL THOSE STUPID QUESTIONS
EMMA'S ASKING ME --
ON TWO CONDITIONS --
EVEN THOUGH IT MEANS
THAT EVERYONE IN MY CLASS
WILL HATE ME FOREVER.
[ Chuckling ]
WELL, YEAH.
I'VE GOT A TROPHY SITTING
RIGHT OVER THERE THAT PROVES
EVERYONE IN YOUR CLASS
WON'T BE AROUND FOREVER.
WHAT ARE
YOUR TWO CONDITIONS?
WELL, I'LL, UH,
I'LL TALK ABOUT THE, UM...
...THE -- THE --
THE GRIFFITH PARK STUFF
IF, UM...
IF...?
IF SHARON ISN'T THERE.
LOOK, I-I CAN'T GO OVER IT AGAIN
IN FRONT OF HER,
AND -- AND I DON'T WANT HER
TO KNOW
THAT I ASKED HER
NOT TO BE THERE.
I SEE.
OKAY.
I'LL HANDLE THAT.
WHAT'S
YOUR OTHER CONDITION?
WELL, I DON'T WANT YOU THERE,
EITHER.
WHY?
LOOK, IF -- IF YOU HEAR
THE WHOLE STORY,
YOU WON'T LIKE ME
ANYMORE.
OH --
I-I KNOW -- I KNOW YOU THINK
YOU WILL, BUT YOU WON'T.
THERE'S STUFF THAT I DID
THAT -- THAT...
LOOK, I-I JUST --
I NEED YOU, LIEUTENANT.
I NEED YOU
TO BE MY FRIEND.
OKAY?
SO JUST -- JUST LET ME
TALK TO EMMA BY MYSELF.
PLEASE.
OKAY.
AND, UH, CAN YOU...
MAKE SHARON THINK
THAT IT WAS, LIKE,
ALL    YOIDEA?
[ Chuckling ] WELL...
I HAVE NO PROBLEM TAKING CREDIT
FOR OTHER PEOPLE'S IDEAS.
HOW DO YOU THINK
I BECAME A LIEUTENANT?
THE LAST OF MY KIND.
[ SIGHS ]
[ DOOR OPENS ]
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
SO, HAS THE SUSPECT
GIVEN US HER ANSWER YET?
PLAN "B."
[ DIALING ]
[ CELLPHONE VIBRATING ]
OH.
GOSH.
I WONDER WHO THAT IS.
[ VIBRATING CONTINUES ]
FOR THE RECORD,
EVERYTHING MY CLIENT SAYS
IS HYPOTHETICAL
UNTIL WE AGREE
ON SENTENCING.
[ VIBRATING STOPS ]
BOY, THIS DID NOT WORK OUT
THE WAY I HOPED AT ALL.
REALLY?
WHAT DID YOU HOPE FOR?
MARTIN IN PRISON --
UNABLE TO REPRODUCE.
I STILL GET HIS SCHEDULE,
YOU KNOW,
SO WHEN IT POPPED UP
AGAIN ON HIS CALENDAR,
I KNEW WHAT IT MEANT.
WHAT POPPED UP?
"WEDNESDAY NIGHTS
7:00 TO 10:00 --
WATCHING DAILIES."
AND THAT'S A PROBLEM
BECAUSE...?
BECAUSE THAT'S WHAT HE PUT
ON HIS SCHEDULE
WHEN WE FIRST
GOT TOGETHER.
IT MEANT HE WAS CHEATING
[Laughing] ON GRETCHEN.
WHEN SHE TOLD ME
SHE WAS PREGNANT LAST MONTH,
I ALREADY KNEW.
WHY DID YOU CARE
ABOUT THAT?
BECAUSE MARTIN PROMISED ME --
NO MORE KIDS.
AND WHEN I CONFRONTED HIM
ABOUT GRETCHEN GETTING PREGNANT,
HE BLEW ME OFF BY SAYING
HE WANTED A SECOND CHANCE
TO BE A FATHER.
MARTIN CAN REPLACE ME.
I DON'T CARE.
BUT HE CAN'T REPLACE
MY BOYS.
SO, SINCE HE NEVER CHANGES,
I KNEW WHEN AND WHERE TO BE --
EARLY WEDNESDAY NIGHT
AT THE PERINO, BUNGALOW 9 --
THE SAME PLACE WE WENT.
I WAITED IN THE LOBBY
TO MAKE SURE THE NEXT
MRS. ELLIOT WAS COMING IN,
AND THEN
I PAID GRETCHEN A VISIT,
PUT VALIUM IN THE ORGANIC
SMOOTHIE I BROUGHT HER,
CALMED SOME NERVES
WHEN SHE GOT DIZZY,
AND THEN I TOOK A KNIFE
FROM THE SET IN THE KITCHEN
THAT WAS PART OF A WEDDING
PRESENT TO MARTIN AND ME
THAT HE FOUGHT FOR
IN THE DIVORCE, AND...
YOU HAVE TO SAY IT.
[ INHALES DEEPLY ]
I STABBED GRETCHEN TO DEATH
AND DUMPED HER IN THE POOL.
ASHLEY, WHAT ABOUT MR. ELLIOT'S
FIRST WIFE, BRITTANY?
WHAT ABOUT THAT?
THE DEAL
IS FOR TWO SECOND-DEGREES.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO BRITTANY...
[ CHUCKLES ]
I GUESS YOU'LL JUST HAVE TO
WONDER ABOUT THAT.
WHICH IS MORE
THAN MARTIN EVER DID.
YOU WANT ME TO PUT THIS
WHERE THE OLD ONE WAS?TER.
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
RIGHT HERE.
IT GOES RIGHT HERE.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
I HAVE PURCHASED
THIS PRINTER/COPIER/FAX/SCANNER
AS MY GIFT
TO ALL OF YOU --
YOUR OWN LITTLE PART
OF MY CASH PRIZE.
A GIFT? WOW.
THAT'S SO...UNLIKE YOU.
WELL, THE WIRELESS PASSWORD
WILL COST EACH OF YOU 20 BUCKS.
BUT WITH THAT, YOU GET
THE LOW, LOW FAMILY DISCOUNT
OF 5 CENTS PER PAGE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
WAIT A SECOND.
WHAT ARE MY BOYS
DOING HERE?
YOU'RE THEIR FATHER.
Emma: CONGRATULATIONS.
YOU JUST WON SOLE CUSTODY
OF YOUR CHILDREN.
BUT...
I'M MAKING A MOVIE
RIGHT NOW.
Sharon: YOU SAID YOU WANTED
A SECOND CHANCE WITH YOUR KIDS.
HERE IT IS.
LISTEN,
YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND.
THIS IS THE MOST IMPORTANT FILM
OF MY CAREER.
MORE IMPORTANT
THAN YOUR SONS?
ANYBODY CAN BABYSIT!
I'M THE ONLY ONE
WHO CAN DIRECT THIS MOVIE!
DAMN IT!
WHY ARE YOU
TRYING TO PUNISH ME?
[ DOOR OPENS ]
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
WHO WILL THOSE BOYS HAVE
TO STICK UP FOR THEM NOW?
Sharon: AS LIEUTENANT PROVENZA
REMINDED ME,
SOONER OR LATER, ALL KIDS
HAVE TO STICK UP FOR THEMSELVES,
AND WE DON'T GET TO CHOOSE
WHEN THEY'RE READY FOR THAT.
YOUR MATERIAL WITNESS
IS OUT OF SUMMER SCHOOL.
AS AGREED,
YOU WILL NOT CALL HIM NAMES.
YOU WILL ADHERE STRICTLY
TO THE FACTS OF YOUR CASE.
HE STILL SHOULDN'T BE
LIVING WITH YOU.
GET OVER IT.